Okay.
Installation of Docker. I got some
challenges here because I run OS X. I do
not have the various flavors of Windows.
On Linux, Dockers are very simple to do
especially Red Hat Enterprise Linux. It's
a really no brainer to install. So in
this section of the course, I have an
assignment for you to get a Docker
installed on your particular operating
system. Now on Linux, Docker runs natively. No problems at all. Older versions of
Windows will require VirtualBox be
installed for you to run Docker, so that
there are some workarounds on Docker with Windows because Docker does not run
natively under Windows. Now in Windows 10, that has changed a little bit, where I
believe, Docker will run natively in the
background, but it will still work with
Windows to spool up VMs to run or Linux
VMs to run Docker Container. Some
limitations of the Windows platform,
where the Windows is not fully
compatible with Docker and Docker
Containers. That's really a Linux thing.
Now OS X, if you're using OS X, underneath
the covers of OS X, is a flavor of
UNIX very close to Linux. There
is a native port for Docker to run Docker
Containers on an OS X environment. So the
OS X guys, you're gonna have a real
easy time, Windows users, you're gonna
have a little bit harder time, and if
you're a Linux guy, you have no problem
at all. So in this section my assignment
to you, to get Docker up  installed on
your system. Get that working. In
the next part of this course, we're gonna take a look at using Docker for Hello
World.